Our working format is:
    - a factored product
    - where each factor exists on its own line
    - and negated expressions are not considered as factored.

The "blif_to_working_format.py" script can convert a blif file into our working format, but only if it's already simplified.

The work flow goes like:

1. Write a blif file in the "raw_blif_files" directory

2. Reduce it with abc:
    The "abc_simplify.sh" runs abc to reduce a blif file.
        To use:
            1. Change the path in it to where your abc executable is located
            2. chmod +x scripts/abc_simplify.sh (if needed)
            3. ./scripts/abc_simplify.sh raw_blif_files/file.blif output/result.blif

3. Feed the simplified blif to the "blif_to_working_format.py" script
    python3 scripts/blif_to_working_format.py path/to/simplified.blif path/to/working/format.txt

    if you wish to verify correctness, you can use the working_format_to_blif.py script using:
        python3 scripts/working_format_to_blif.py outputs/f_working.txt outputs/f_back_to.blif
    to convert it back to a blif file. Then you can use the abc_cec.sh script to check equivalence in abc using:
        i. chmod +x scripts/abc_cec.sh (if needed)
        ii. ./scripts/abc_cec path/to/unsimplified.blif path/to/result.blif
        iii. Note that if there was a floating/redundant input like with this f_unsimplified.blif example,
            the eliminated input makes the script say the two are not equivalent.
            But if you make the input ports the same then they will be again.

4. Feed the working format file to C++ program that does the covering problem
    The top-level README.md gives instructions on how to run the project.
    For a short test, you can just do:
     - make clean
     - make
     - ./main.out examples/f.txt
    you can swap examples/f.txt to the path to any of the .txt files in the "examples" or "tests" folders.
    
Before fully understanding the problem at hand, we worked on implementing a blif to SoP and factored expression converter. This ended up
not being used at all in the final implementation of the project, but these files have been kept for record keeping.


